country, come, dominate
archipelago, dominate, hinduism
monument, attest, come
monument, attest, situate
monument, attest, consist
monument, attest, depict 
compound, consist, locate
temple, locate, borobudur
temple, locate, temple
mound, contain, decorate
borobudur, decorate, relief
temple, build, temple
dynasty, originate, attest
presence, helped, establish
presence, helped, worship
pilgrim, suggest, arrival
pilgrim, suggest, decay
artefact, suggest, arrival
artefact, suggest, decay
borobudur, engulf, vegetation
singapore, hear, organise
excavation, bring, effect
temple, begin, deteriorate
collector, sell, borobudur
monument, dismantle, stone
panel, withstand, element
gallery, reduce, borobudur
gallery, reduce, kelud
order, protect, stupa
monument, continue, treasure
world, record, temple
